fix: add description for pages where the first line uses JS component (#327)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/modeling/user-groups.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 6
slug: /modeling/user-groups

> description: Add users to groups and grant groups access to an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Adding users to groups and granting group members access to an object
```
